(MUFFLED RUMBLING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(DOOR CLOSES)
(MELLOW MUSIC PLAYING
OVER SPEAKERS)
How can I help you?
(IN BRITISH ACCENT) Uh.
can I get a black coffee?
Sure.
Thank you.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER. LAUGHTER)
(INTRIGUING MUSIC PLAYING)
(MUSIC STOPS)
-(CHAIR SLIDES)
-(MUSIC RESUMES)
-(MUSIC. CHATTER QUIETENS)
-(MUFFLED BUZZING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER.
LAUGHTER RESUMES)
-(CHATTER QUIETENS)
-(MUFFLED BUZZING)
(CHATTER RESUMES)
(INTRIGUING MUSIC
CONTINUES PLAYING)
(CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS)
(INTRIGUING MUSIC
CONTINUES PLAYING)
(CHAIR SLIDES)
(FAINT. MUFFLED BUZZING)
(CLEARS THROAT)
I love that book so much.
It's. uh...
I just finished it last week.
It's incredible.
It's... (STUTTERS)
I really. really.
really admire it.
And. uh...
(CUP CLANGING)
-(DOOR OPENS)
-(LOUD CHATTER)
(CLEARS THROAT) Uh...
(SOFTLY) All right.
(CLEARS THROAT)
(INTRIGUING MUSIC PLAYING)
(STUTTERING)
Um. I'm sorry. I didn't mean...
(ROMANTIC '80s POP MUSIC
PLAYING)
(MUFFLED SPEECH)
CHARLIE: I wasn't... Genuinely.
-I really admire the book.
-What? Sorry?
I was just saying. I'm not...
I'm not hitting on you. I...
Sorry. what do you mean?
Genuinely.
I just really admire the book.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER
CONTINUES IN BACKGROUND)
I'm deaf in this one.
You're deaf?
Yeah. This one though. I can...
(LAUGHS AWKWARDLY)
-(EMMA CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
-Uh...
Yeah. the. uh... (SIGHS)
Do you want to start over?
-Um...
-We could just try it again?
-Maybe?
-You wanna try...
-Just do it again?
-EMMA: Yeah. Do it again.
-Okay.
-Okay. (CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
CHARLIE:
"I was absolutely certain
"I was being trapped
"and that you were recording me
"and I was gonna be
all over the Internet.
"but I now understand..."
"...that the only thing
that could have saved me
"was a second first impression."
Yeah. So funny. Great.
So I'm gonna start there
and then go on
-to the first date.
-MIKE: Good.
EMMA: So what'd you think
of the ending?
Ending? Of what?
EMMA: Of the book.
I just finished it.
Oh. the. um...
I don't know. I feel like
I didn't get it. you know.
Like I was missing something.
Yeah. no. I know what you mean.
I think...
Yeah. me neither. really.
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
'Cause did she die?
Is that... (CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
Like. do you think
that's what it was?
I think so. I think so.
Just. that doesn't make
any sense.
It doesn't?
Well. no. 'cause you remember
this. like. the mirror thing?
CHARLIE: Hm.
Wait. which mirror?
The whole thing at the end
with the mirror.
Um... (SMACKS LIPS)
I thought it was just more of
a kind of metaphor for like...
Uh...
I just didn't really realize
it was real in the sense
that the mirror was. um...
The mirror was...
(SIGHS) I don't even know...
I don't even know
where to take this.
I didn't read the book.
And. um... yeah.
-What?
-I think I just glitched
when I saw you... (STUTTERS)
...and I just wanted
to talk to you.
And I didn't have anything.
so...
That's weird.
Um. yeah. I'm...
Well. I'm sorry. I didn't...
Just a weird. little freak.
Weird. little British freak.
-Oh. yeah?
-(CHUCKLES)
I'm sorry. I didn't realize
you actually doubled down.
Yeah. what was I supposed to do?
-How about reading the book?
-(CHARLIE SIGHS)
For a first date? I don't know.
That's a lot weirder. no?
How is that weirder?
I don't know.
It just feels weirder somehow.
Okay. Don't agree. but go on.
(CHUCKLES)
So. I wanna say this thing
about her laugh.
Do you know
how it's kind of like...
It's very cute.
but it's also kind of like...
(CHORTLING)
-Repulsive even. Okay.
-CHARLIE: Yeah.
And then if. uh. she laughs.
then I can point it out
and be like.
"And there it is!" you know.
I did. I said. "If everyone
knows he's a piece of shit.
"then why are we doing
a retrospective
"in the first place?"
It's like. it's so incredibly
irresponsible.
No one ever cares
until it's too late.
And then it always ends up
backfiring on me...
Emma. I'm being serious.
It's not funny.
No. I agree with you.
This is not funny at all.
It's very serious.
(SNICKERS)
You're laughing.
CHARLIE: "I love how you
always find a way
"to turn my drama
into a comedy."
And then. uh...
-I don't know.
-What?
I kind of wanna
say something about...
-(MOANING IN PLEASURE)
-(RATTLING. CLATTERING)
-No.
-No?
Why do you want to talk about
fucking in front of your family?
Or her family?
No. I don't wanna
say it. like. directly.
I just wanna kind of allude
to it somehow
'cause I just think
we've always had this sort of...
Like an incredible chemistry
that's just... I...
Yeah. no. do that.
Do exactly that.
-Okay?
-Okay. what if I said...
licentious.
Or languorous.
Just skip this part completely.
What. and just go straight
to the crying thing?
(EMMA SOBBING)
(SHUDDERS)
(SIGHS)
It's just. you know.
it's my first time
saying it out loud.
so I feel like I'll get it
on the day. you know.
Maybe you should start
with something funny.
so you're not. like.
immediately in tears.
But it's kind of sweet.
It's endearing.
Yeah. but you wanna look good.
Crying makes you look
kind of ugly.
-What?
-You. the general you.
-Like. women.
-(SIGHS SOFTLY)
Um. what about
the first time you met?
Wasn't that
kind of a funny story?
I love that book. I just...
Oh. no. she can't tell that one.
Why not?
What stories are you gonna do?
What do you mean? For my speech?
Yeah.
Well. you'll just
have to wait and see.
No. no. no.
So we don't. you know.
like. say the same things.
Are you gonna use
the first time we met?
Yes.
Okay. well.
what about the first date?
-Yeah. of course.
-Fuck!
(CHUCKLES)
You don't have to do a speech.
(SIGHS) First kiss?
EMMA: Wait. so you can just.
like. go in whenever?
CHARLIE: Yeah.
I do it all the time.
EMMA: Oh. so you bring
all the girls here?
CHARLIE: Um. yeah.
-(EMMA SCOFFS. LAUGHS) Ouch.
-No.
when I'm working late and stuff.
Yeah. when you're working late
and stuff.
-Yeah.
-(SIGHS)
Okay. this is like...
This is like a childhood dream.
you know.
like sneaking into a mall
or a library at night. It's...
Well. your dreams
are about to come true.
-Wow.
-(BOTH CHUCKLE SOFTLY)
-(RATTLING)
-Um...
Is it not working?
Hm.
(BEEPING)
(RATTLING)
-(ALARM BLARING)
-Oh. sh...
Um... Ooh!
(DOORS THUDDING)
(GRUNTING)
(ALARM GROWS MUFFLED)
(MUFFLED ALARM
CONTINUES BLARING)
Wait. so he trapped you?
It wasn't planned. Rachel.
(CHUCKLES)
What about that time
you thought you had a...
-(CONTINUES INDISTINCTLY)
-(MELLOW MUSIC PLAYING)
(MACHINERY WHIRRING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
-ALICE: Who was that?
-Hm?
Oh. uh. it's just Charlie.
I left my wallet.
Hm. Who's Charlie?
Uh. he's my boyfriend. I guess.
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
(INTRIGUING MUSIC PLAYING)
(CHUCKLES)
Are you okay?
Yeah. No. I'm fine.
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
(EMMA BREATHING HEAVILY)
(INHALES DEEPLY)
ALICE: I don't know.
Can you just...
She's saying it's her chest...
It's her heart. Her heart is...
So what was it?
It was just. like. feelings.
-Feelings? What do you mean?
-EMMA: Yeah.
Like intense butterflies.
-Right?
-RACHEL: No. I get that.
but it wasn't your first time.
I don't know.
So you're saying
Charlie is your first...
Love... Yeah.
Your first love
or your first crush?
Both. I think.
-What. is that insane?
-At 30?
Well. I mean.
I was 28 when we met. so...
RACHEL: Still!
I don't know. I used to be ugly.
Oh. come on!
Don't freak out.
but there's a giant spider
that's crawling up your back
and it's almost into your hair.
Just don't panic.
Nothing?
-No.
I feel like
you just have to do it louder.
(MELLOW MUSIC PLAYING FAINTLY)
Okay. Um...
(WHISPERING)
I love you so much it hurts.
I can't be without you.
It's scary
'cause I can't imagine...
(CHARLIE CONTINUES. MUFFLED)
(WHISPERING) I want to marry you
but I'm too afraid to even ask.
I think I caught that.
You did?
A hairy knife?
A what?
Did you say something
about. like. a hairy knife?
-No.
-No?
Emma. that's not even a thing.
(BOTH LAUGH)
(SNIFFLES)
You okay?
Yeah. No. it's good.
Oh. come on. you gotta be
a bit more specific than that.
Yeah. it's a little corny
in a wedding speech kind of way.
but it's. um...
All the pieces are there.
you know.
I think you have it.
-(SNIFFLES)
-(CHARLIE WHEEZES)
All right. you can't cry
-and say it sucks.
-(MIKE LAUGHS)
(SPEAKER CRACKLING)
(I WANT TO LAY WITH YOU
BY SHIRA SMALLS PLAYING)
And looking at each other.
(CHARLIE AND EMMA GIGGLE)
Nice.
Slide... and two.
And kiss. Great.
Ready and drag.
Step. step.
Step. step. Drag.
And under.
And arm up.
Good.
Playing.
Ready and left arm.
Down. up. up. Down. up. up.
And switch.
(CHARLIE GRUNTS SOFTLY)
(CHARLIE GROANS SOFTLY)
Oh.
-EMMA: Oh?
-(BOTH CHUCKLE)
INSTRUCTOR: Good.
And this time. Emma.
go around a full circle.
(LAUGHING)
INSTRUCTOR: Great.
Ready and step.
And turn.
And step.
Ready and drag.
step. step. in.
Turn out.
Good.
Oh.
-(BOTH LAUGH)
-Nearly there.
INSTRUCTOR: Okay. not bad.
EMMA: Okay.
Not bad.
Still a little difficulty
in the middle section.
but overall much better.
EMMA: Yeah.
CHARLIE: Thanks.
Let's just do it again?
-Okay.
-EMMA: (WHISPERING) Okay.
What?
I just... I don't know.
I feel like we should
just dance normally. right?
What do you mean?
Well. just the... (SIGHS)
I don't know. it kinda
feels a little performative.
It's a wedding.
It's performative by nature.
Yeah. I think
if we just do it...
(SMACKS LIPS)
...a couple more times.
I'm gonna get it perfect.
I swear.
INSTRUCTOR: I can't make up new
choreography right on the spot.
CHARLIE: Yeah.
Okay. well. just hear me out.
-Hear me out. Please. Please.
-CHARLIE: No. Emma. Please.
-Please. please. please.
-CHARLIE: Emma.
(CHARLIE GROANS SOFTLY)
(SIGHS)
(UPBEAT '80s POP MUSIC
PLAYING FAINTLY)
(SCOFFS) What's this?
(SIGHS) She puts this on
when I'm in a bad mood
just to fuck with me.
(UPBEAT '80s POP MUSIC
PLAYING LOUDLY)
EMMA: (CHUCKLING) You like
this song. You do.
-You fucking dance.
-CHARLIE: No.
EMMA: Dance with me.
-Come on.
-CHARLIE: No.
EMMA: Yes. it's cute. Yes.
(MUSIC ENDS ABRUPTLY)
Hey. can we stop fucking around?
What the fuck was that about?
It's like why does
she care so much?
She just doesn't like it
when you don't
take her seriously enough.
Shut up. You know what I mean!
You know.
she's just like so intense.
-Uh-huh.
-And she doesn't smile.
Like. I've literally
never seen her smile.
(MOCKINGLY)
"It's performative by nature."
EMMA: What?
I think that was Pauline.
Oh. where?
Um...
She's on the corner.
like. smoking heroin.
(STUTTERS) Wait.
Are you serious?
Yeah.
Wait. like our Pauline?
Uh-huh.
No. I mean. it's probably not.
-That's her. Uh...
-Okay.
-Look. Go look.
(BUS BRAKES SQUEALING)
(HORN HONKING)
It was her.
It was the fucking wedding DJ.
-You're kidding!
-Are you sure it was heroin?
EMMA: Well. we can't prove
it was heroin.
It was like
she was smoking a thing
-out of. like. a piece of foil.
-(WOMEN LAUGHING)
Yeah. yeah.
CHARLIE: Like. what else
could that possibly be?
Did you talk to her?
EMMA: No. no. She didn't see us.
MIKE: Wait.
what are you gonna do?
I don't know. I think we just
get somebody else. I guess.
The wedding is this Saturday.
Well. we just get. like.
a playlist or something. no?
MIKE: No.
You need a DJ. trust me.
Who did yours again?
-No one. It was a disaster.
-(CHARLIE CHUCKLES)
Are you just afraid you're not
gonna find someone else?
No. I just... I don't know.
It's not a deal-breaker. right?
Like. people do drugs. It's...
Babe. there's drugs
and then there's heroin.
That's the line?
She's not performing surgery.
She's. like. a... She's a DJ.
But isn't it more the fact
that she was doin' it
out in the street?
Doesn't that say something
about where she's at in life?
Okay. she wasn't. like.
"on the street."
It was like...
It was like a party
or something.
There was a whole bunch
of other crackheads.
Why are you trying to be
her publicist all of a sudden?
I don't know.
I just don't wanna dismiss her
'cause of this one thing.
You know?
Just checking in.
How was that mushroom risotto?
-CHARLIE: It was so good.
-It was really. really good.
-Yeah.
-COORDINATOR: Yeah?
You need more time to think
or can we commit?
-Do you wanna... Let's commit.
-EMMA: Yeah.
-(CHARLIE AND EMMA LAUGH)
-RACHEL: Aw.
Yes. we commit to it.
CHARLIE: We'll commit to it.
COORDINATOR: Just so you know.
it kinda has to be
final this time. so...
Oh. yeah. yeah. Yeah.
we totally get it. Thank you.
And. um. can I ask.
is there any way
of getting another glass
of the skin contact?
'Cause I haven't quite made
my mind up about the wine yet.
-COORDINATOR: Okay.
-Yeah. me too. actually. Sorry.
-Mike.
-(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
(DISHES CLATTERING)
We're not a bar.
-(CLINKING)
-RACHEL: Cheers!
-(MIKE LAUGHS)
-RACHEL: Love you guys.
You know. I barely touched
the food at our wedding.
-Too much adrenaline.
-Yeah.
And then
we ran around at 2:00 a.m.
looking for a slice of pizza.
We should go to the diner.
-What. Andy's?
-EMMA: Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. and they're. like.
they're open late.
Um. what. on our wedding night?
-Andy's?
-EMMA: Yeah. It'll be fun.
You know. like actors
when they win the Oscar
and they. like.
go in their tuxes.
and it's fancy.
and they order hamburgers.
-Cute.
-EMMA: It's cool.
Yeah. I mean. like...
Yeah. Maybe.
(BOTH LAUGH)
Don't they actually sell crack
out of that place?
CHARLIE: Yes. That reminds me.
what are we gonna
do about DJ Overdose?
EMMA: Don't be mean.
MIKE: No.
Just replace her.
It can't be that hard.
This wouldn't
even be a conversation
if we hadn't. like.
randomly seen her today.
Yeah. but we did. and now
I'm gonna fixate over it.
EMMA: Okay. but that's
a you problem though.
Okay. what if
she was a pedophile?
-EMMA: (SCOFFS) What?
-Mike.
-EMMA: What?
-(WHEEZES)
MIKE: What would it take
for you to fire her?
-CHARLIE: Okay.
-Really fucking different.
I feel like.
from doing drugs. right?
-Like. that's...
-CHARLIE: Mike. everybody knows
if you bring
a pedo to a wedding.
it's just like...
-It's bad vibes.
-RACHEL: Bad vibes all round.
True. But a heroin addict.
on the other hand...
-That could be great vibes.
-(EMMA CHUCKLES)
-'Cause that's party vibes.
-Party vibes.
-Exactly.
-It might be a little fun!
For all we know. we could have
caught her on her worst day.
Yeah. but you caught her.
Isn't that the point?
Why are you acting like
you've never done anything bad?
Not that bad.
RACHEL:
What about the dog story?
Hey. don't.
(CHARLIE. EMMA CHUCKLE)
CHARLIE: What?
EMMA: Wow. okay.
What's the dog story?
It's nothing.
Just tell the story.
No. I... Rachel. please.
RACHEL: Before we got married.
we did this thing where we said
the worst thing we've ever done.
Yes. and then we said
we'd never speak about it again.
-MIKE: Are you kidding me?
-Oh.
-Just...
-(EMMA LAUGHS)
It's fine.
Do you want me to tell it?
No. I don't want
anyone to tell it.
-Wait...
-(EMMA SNICKERS)
did you. like. fuck a dog?
I didn't fuck a dog. Charlie.
CHARLIE: I thought that's
what you were gonna say.
Come on. I'll do mine too.
(MIKE SIGHS IN EXASPERATION)
(SOFTLY) Oh. fuck. man.
Okay. I'll tell mine
if we all do it.
-Great.
-CHARLIE: Sure.
-Yeah? Promise?
-CHARLIE: Mm-hm.
-RACHEL: Promise.
-(CHARLIE CHUCKLES)
-Okay. What?
-Okay.
(WOMEN CHUCKLE)
This is about an ex-girlfriend
I was dating
when I was in college.
Who. Tessa?
MIKE: Yeah.
So. we'd been dating
for about a year.
and it was her birthday.
so we went down to Mexico
to celebrate.
and she. look.
she had anger issues.
and she didn't really
seem grateful for the trip.
and we argued a lot.
-It was really exhausting...
-Don't sugarcoat it.
Okay. I'm just saying.
you know. the vibes
were already off. all right?
So. okay. anyway.
um. one night we're walking home
from a bar.
This was actually
on her birthday.
Um. yeah. and. uh...
we're cutting through this
back alley to get to our place.
and this dog comes
out of nowhere. barking.
And no owner in sight.
Just a wild. crazy street dog.
And. um...
instinctively.
she starts kicking at it.
which only makes the dog
more aggressive. and...
Right.
...it actually
starts biting her.
And what did you do?
-(CHARLIE CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
-Um...
I kinda sorta
just moved behind...
-He used her as a human shield.
-No! I...
That's what you said.
You said you held her
in front of you
-to avoid getting bitten.
-(LAUGHS)
Yeah. okay. I used her
as a human shield.
-Fine.
-RACHEL: Thank you.
CHARLIE: On her birthday. Wow.
I mean. like it makes
a difference. really.
What a horrible
little piece of shit you were.
RACHEL: Oh. no. he still is.
Yeah. okay.
Let's hear yours. then.
No. I regret it.
No. Rachel. you have to.
I can't! No. I can't.
I'm sorry. I can't.
If you don't tell them.
I will and I'll make it
sound so much worse.
Okay. just give me a second.
I need a moment.
(EMMA. CHARLIE CHUCKLE SOFTLY)
Okay. she...
I locked a kid in a closet.
(SNICKERS)
-Okay.
-No. come on. the full story.
All right. so...
(CHUCKLES) I had this really
weird neighbor growing up.
He was a few years
younger than me.
He was a little slow.
And he came over
to my house one day
wanting to show me
some abandoned RV
that he had found in the woods.
And I don't know.
I must have been bored that day
because I just went with it.
And it was really
out of the way.
Like. deep in the forest.
And when we got there.
it was disgusting.
It smelled bad.
and there was beer bottles
and porn everywhere.
Oh. this is where you met Mike.
-MIKE: Fuck you.
-(ALL LAUGH)
And at first. I was like.
"Why am I here?"
And then I noticed
this empty closet.
and I dared him to get in it.
And I don't know
what came over me.
but I slammed the door
and I locked it.
And he immediately started
screaming. like. really loud.
And I didn't know what to do.
so I ran away.
-(EMMA AND CHARLIE LAUGH)
-Yeah.
(LAUGHING) Wait. why didn't you
just open it?
Well. he was. like. going crazy.
and it freaked me out.
so I just ran home
and I didn't say anything.
EMMA: What?
CHARLIE: And. uh...
Wait. what...
What happened to him?
RACHEL: I don't know.
(LAUGHING)
Wait. what do you mean?
-I remember...
-MIKE: That's dark. Rachel!
I remember his dad
coming over later that day.
He asked me what was going on.
and if I knew where his son was.
And I was just so scared
that I was gonna get in trouble
that I didn't tell him.
And the next morning
when I woke up.
there was. like. a full
search party going.
-You left him there overnight?
-Yeah.
But they found him.
They found him. Don't worry.
He's alive! He's alive.
But no one ever
asked me about it.
and it never came back to me.
for some reason.
CHARLIE: Yeah. 'cause he was
terrified of you obviously.
RACHEL: Yeah. Maybe.
Well. what would you have done
if they hadn't found him?
Oh. I would have said something.
It kinda sounds like you didn't.
Well. they found him.
I didn't have to say anything.
-What's yours. then. Charlie?
-RACHEL: Yeah. come on. Charlie.
Oh. um...
What's the worst thing
I've ever done?
And don't fuck around. man.
The worst one.
MIKE: Mm-hm.
RACHEL: Don't bullshit us.
CHARLIE: I...
(SIGHS) Fuck. I... I don't know.
I don't know.
I honestly don't know.
No. fuck that.
You have to say something.
Um...
Um... (STUTTERS. TAPS)
...I cyberbullied someone
really badly
when I was in school.
Mm-hm. Mm-hm.
-When?
-CHARLIE: Um...
-I must have been 14. I think.
-This fucking guy. man.
Yeah. but. like. how bad
are we talking?
CHARLIE: No. badly. He moved.
His entire family moved.
MIKE: Because of the bullying?
(SOFTLY) Yeah. Yeah. Like. yeah.
(LAUGHS)
But when I think about it.
it could have been
a coincidence. (STAMMERS)
MIKE: Lame.
RACHEL: Come on.
CHARLIE: But they did move.
And he was crying!
I made him cry
a bunch of times.
You were 14! Who cares?
Your brain doesn't even
fully develop until you're 25.
And yours never got there?
Why are we all
ganging up on me today?
-I didn't say anything.
-MIKE: Yeah. that's true.
-Thank you. Emma. You're sweet.
-Oh. Emma. What about Emma?
I didn't mean...
No. I think you were still...
No. no. no. no.
He's disqualified.
We're moving on. Come on.
Yeah. come on.
give us something good.
-Give us some hot tea. Emma.
-(EMMA GROANS)
(MIKE LAUGHS)
EMMA: Hm.
(CHUCKLES)
Do you know what it is?
Uh. I don't know.
-Do I know what this is?
-(GROANS SOFTLY)
MIKE: Come on.
(EMMA SMACKS LIPS. SIGHS SOFTLY)
RACHEL: Come on.
Don't pussy out on us now.
Okay. I. um...
(SMACKS LIPS) I. like...
almost did a mass shooting.
(LAUGHS)
CHARLIE: No. what do you mean?
What do you mean?
-(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
-Uh...
Like. um. when I was 15.
I was. like. really. really
fucked-up back then.
and. um. yeah.
I planned to bring
a weapon to school.
And. like. do a school shooting?
(LAUGHING HYSTERICALLY)
What?
EMMA: Yeah. I think I was. like.
actually gonna do it.
I think I almost did one.
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
Oh. come on.
CHARLIE: You're joking.
You. like. fantasized about it.
No. like. I had a weapon.
and I brought it
to school which is...
Yeah.
What weapon?
It was my dad's rifle.
No. No. I don't
believe this for a second.
No. it's true. I mean.
it's actually why I'm deaf.
I was practicing in the woods.
and I held the gun too close.
-CHARLIE: What? (SIGHS)
-(CHUCKLES)
Yeah.
You said you had that
since birth.
What are you... (LAUGHS)
EMMA: Well. I didn't. like.
wanna say. but. um...
Yeah. (STAMMERS)
I was holding it.
and then my ear popped.
And there was all this blood.
and yeah. that was that. Yeah.
(CHUCKLES. STUTTERS)
But I didn't...
I didn't do anything.
I didn't. like.
actually do anything.
I know it's. like. insane
to have the fucking. like. idea.
but I didn't...
I... Yeah. I didn't
actually do anything.
(CHARLIE CHUCKLING AWKWARDLY)
(EMMA CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
CHARLIE: Oh. (LAUGHS)
You know
my cousin's in a wheelchair
because of a shooting. right?
I... I didn't know that. no.
RACHEL: Are you fucking serious?
CHARLIE: (CHUCKLING) Wait...
Wait. are you...
Are you being serious about...
Is this a real thing? Like...
This is...
so disturbing.
I don't even know
how to respond to this.
Um. I'm... I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have said anything.
You planned a school shooting?
-I mean. I was 15 years old.
-Rachel. Rachel. Don't...
RACHEL: Oh. you were 15? So.
what. does that make it okay?
You were 15?
No. that's not what I'm saying.
I just...
-Um. I'm sorry. I'm drunk.
-RACHEL: Oh. you're drunk.
so what does that mean?
Are you lying?
Rachel. just stop
yelling at her. What the...
Stop yelling?
You know what? Fuck this.
We're leaving. Mike!
Rachel. I know that
this sounds insane.
I get that.
It's just that. like.
at the time
I was really depressed. and I...
Um. hey. look. Rach.
I'm gonna order an Uber.
Can we just calm down
for a second?
RACHEL: Sam is actually
paralyzed because of that.
CHARLIE: Who's Sam?
My cousin. My fucking cousin.
I'm sorry. I didn't know
what his name was.
Samantha.
I've told you about her.
-Is everything all right?
-Yeah. can we get some water...
COORDINATOR: Oh. my God.
RACHEL: Shit.
-(RETCHING)
-(GROUP EXCLAIMING)
(MUFFLED EMMA VOMITING)
Seven minutes.
(INTRIGUING MUSIC PLAYING)
You do have the keys.
They're in your purse.
Charlie. I don't have the key.
I checked.
I checked. On the way here.
-I already checked.
-(METAL JINGLING)
-They're not in there.
-I...
(CHARLIE SIGHS)
-You see? (HESITATES)
-(METAL JINGLING)
-CHARLIE: I can hear them.
-I did this already.
Oh.
-Charlie. I didn't mean...
-Emma.
...for tonight to be...
-I didn't mean...
-I don't...
Let's just talk about it
in the morning.
Are you sure?
'Cause I feel like...
Yes. you're fucked up.
I don't want to talk to you
right now. So...
EMMA: I'm not fucked up.
CHARLIE: You are.
Let's just go to bed.
Okay.
CHARLIE:
How'd you get so drunk?
(TENSE. DRAMATIC MUSIC
CONTINUES)
(LIGHT SWITCH CLICKS)
(MUFFLED BUZZING)
(FOOTSTEPS ECHOING. MUFFLED)
(UNNERVING MUSIC PLAYING)
(MUFFLED BUZZING CONTINUES)
(DISCORDANT SCREAMS)
(SCREAMS END)
(MELLOW MUSIC PLAYING)
-Is that you?
-EMMA: Yeah.
What? When did you wear glasses?
-Can you send this to me?
-No. no. I cannot.
-Why not?
-Because I look insane.
(RIFLE COCKS)
-(FIRES)
-(EARS RINGING)
(MUFFLED) Fuck!
-(GROANING)
(DISTANT SIREN WAILING)
(EXHALES)
(GRUNTS SOFTLY)
Charlie.
(GLASS CLINKS)
(UNSETTLING MUSIC PLAYING)
CHARLIE: I mean. she's insane.
She's insane. right?
MIKE: Yeah. I mean.
she's obviously not the person
you thought she was.
The fucking wedding
is this weekend.
My family's flying in on Friday.
And I've spent
so much fucking money.
MIKE: No. we'll worry about
that stuff later. all right?
You're not marrying
a psychopath. right?
(MUFFLED MIKE
SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY)
Fly back to London.
Leave right now.
Don't even go back
to the apartment.
Get away as fast you can.
I'll take care of it.
I'll call the police.
I'll beat her up.
Whatever you want.
-(DOOR OPENS)
-(MUSIC STOPS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
(SOFTLY) Thank you.
(SIGHS WEARILY)
(LAUGHS)
(IMPERCEPTIBLE)
I'm really sorry
about last night.
(SOFTLY) Um...
Yeah. (CHUCKLES)
No. That was. uh...
Do you hate me?
No.
-Just that...
-What?
I mean. was it true?
(SIGHS) I just...
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
There's no way. I mean...
I'm just having
a really hard time believing...
Why would I make something
like that up? It's... (SIGHS)
So you were just
never gonna tell me?
Maybe.
Then why say it
in front of everybody?
I didn't fucking plan it.
you know?
It just... I was drunk.
I mean...
(SOFTLY) Hm.
I mean. were you...
Can we just forget about it?
Like. I won't bring it up.
You don't bring it up
and we just.
like. forget about it.
We just don't...
I kind of think I have to know.
'cause...
otherwise I'm gonna be assuming
you're like a psychopath.
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
I mean...
Like. why...
How did you even get the...
Why did you want
to shoot up your school?
-God. don't say it like that.
-Well. that's what you said.
-I just...
-You said you planned
-a school shooting.
-Okay. I get it. Just please.
(EXHALES. WHISPERS) Please.
I don't want you
to fixate on this.
-You know how you are. You do.
-What the fuck
-are you talking about?
-You fixate on things
-and you can't stop thinking...
-Think it's gonna be better...
We should just do this later.
(SCOFFS) Why?
Well. because I feel like shit.
and we're supposed
to meet Frances.
Okay. just cancel Frances.
Like... (SCOFFS)
EMMA: No. we can't.
I mean. it's. like.
her only time apparently.
(HESITATES) You know.
unless you don't
want to go through with it
anymore.
Do you not want to get married?
Emma. of course I want
to get married. (HESITATES)
I just... (SIGHS) I just want to
be able to talk to you about it.
Like was this... When was this?
It was in high school?
(RETCHES)
(SIGHS IN EXASPERATION)
EMMA: Then we sort of
settled down
when I was. like. seven.
And I was fine then. I think.
I had friends and stuff.
Um...
(SMACKS LIPS) Then we moved
again when I was. like. 14.
CHARLIE: Where to?
-Uh. Louisiana.
-CHARLIE: Right.
-(TAPE WHIRRING)
-EMMA: Yeah. I just...
I didn't make any new friends
and I thought
everyone hated me and I...
-(GUNFIRE)
-(PEOPLE SCREAMING)
(RAP SONG PLAYING)
-(MUSIC STOPS)
-GIRL: Sorry.
Fuck you!
-And that was it?
-EMMA: No. no...
I mean. like.
there was other stuff...
I just... That was one example.
Ever heard of deodorant?
(WHISPERS) Bitch.
You know. like. shit like that.
(LAUGHS)
So how'd you go
from there to. like...
How does a child
even get the idea?
I mean. it wasn't...
...like. an original idea.
I mean. there were shootings
all the time.
I guess I was just.
like. intrigued.
Intrigued?
Yeah.
CHARLIE: By what?
EMMA: Like.
the aesthetics of it.
CHARLIE: Of what?
EMMA: Of shootings.
It was. like. a whole thing
online and I just...
I think I just thought
it looked cool.
(DOO-WOP MUSIC PLAYING)
(CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS)
♪ Wind. wind blow ♪
EMMA: I don't know.
I just started to believe
this character
that I was playing.
And I guess it got me
a lot of attention.
-'cause I was a girl.
-(ALARM RINGING)
-Shit.
-What?
We have to go.
-FRANCES: I'll shoot you first.
-(STUDIO LIGHT BANGS)
Then your parents.
then I'll shoot you
and your parents.
Then I'll do the maid.
grandparents...
And you don't have
any siblings. right?
-No.
-FRANCES: Okay.
Uh. then I'll shoot ring bearer.
Then I'll get your full-length.
back of dress. putting on veil.
Then I'll shoot you.
Same thing.
with and without parents.
With best man.
then grandparents.
Uh. I don't think
they can make it.
-(STUDIO LIGHT BANGS)
-They're not coming?
Just. uh. the travel
might be a bit much.
Okay. shooting grandparents TBD.
(SMACKS LIPS) Uh. but then
I'll get your full-length
and then we'll do
a close-up of the rings.
Signing the certificate.
The first dance.
Cake cutting. Bouquet toss.
And then I'm just gonna get like
a bunch of candids throughout.
Yeah? Does that feel like
it covers everything?
EMMA: Mm-hm.
-Yeah. I think so.
-FRANCES: Yeah?
Okay. I'll send you
the shot list
and you let me know
if you want to add anything.
-CHARLIE: Cool.
-Yeah.
FRANCES: Okay.
Am I sensing some nerves?
-(BOTH CHUCKLE SOFTLY)
-A little camera shy?
Why don't. um...
(SMACKS LIPS) I think that...
Why don't we. uh...
Let's do a little warm-up.
Let's do a little warm-up
so we're feeling. you know.
like revved up and comfortable
on the day. Yeah?
All right. Let's try it.
Let's do a little warm-up.
Up on our feet.
Okay. Just leave
your coats there and. um...
Yeah. just stand right there.
That's right.
Just split that mark.
Okay. Let's see how this looks.
All right. Charlie.
can... (LAUGHS)
Move a little closer
to the love of your life.
There we go.
All right. so. um. think about
what you want to express.
Think about what you love
about your partner.
So. Emma. what's your favorite
thing about Charlie?
Um... (CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
I. uh. love that
he's very smart.
Um...
Very caring and open-minded
and understanding.
And. um. and handsome...
(CHUCKLING) ...obviously. so...
(SIGHS) Uh...
FRANCES: Okay. good. Good. good.
Okay. so keep those things
in mind. Okay?
-Charlie.
-Hm?
FRANCES: What's your
favorite thing about Emma?
Um...
(SMACKS LIPS) Sh...
She's. uh. kind (SMACKS LIPS)
and. um. empathetic and. uh...
(BREATHES DEEPLY)
Funny.
She's beautiful. And empathetic.
-Double empathy. That's good.
-(CHARLIE. EMMA CHUCKLE SOFTLY)
Okay. so hold on
to those thoughts. okay?
And we're just gonna send them
into the camera.
-Don't forget to smile.
-(STUDIO LIGHT BANGS)
-Really smile.
(STUDIO LIGHT BANGS)
-(STUDIO LIGHT BANGS)
-Okay. Yeah.
Just smile naturally.
(STUDIO LIGHT BANGS)
Yeah. just like a... Mm.
Yeah. Charlie.
just a completely natural smile.
(STUDIO LIGHT BANGS)
-(STUDIO LIGHT BANGS)
-Yeah. Just like
how you would smile in life.
-(STUDIO LIGHT BANGS)
-Okay. Um.
Ben. let's. um...
let's get some music.
Let's get some vibes.
Okay? Shake things up a little.
Yeah?
All right. Good. good.
-That's a real smile.
-(CHARLIE LAUGHS)
That was real.
That's what I was looking for.
Okay. put a hand on his chest.
(TRY SLEEPING WITH A BROKEN
HEART PLAYS ON SPEAKER)
Okay. Oh. bling.
-(STUDIO LIGHT BANGS)
-There we go. Love it. Yeah.
Okay.
And... And remember.
you know each other really well.
You're completely
comfortable together.
Okay.
Yeah.
Emma. fall into him.
Just rest your...
We're in love.
We want to show it to the world.
We found love
that we're gonna have forever.
Right. Charlie.
you're still here?
You get to be
with this beautiful woman.
Empathetic woman. You know that.
Good. Good smiles. Good smiles.
Good. you two.
Okay. that's nice.
You guys look great.
♪ Tonight. I'm gonna find a way
to make it without you ♪
♪ I'm gonna hold on
to the times that we had ♪
♪ Tonight.
I'm gonna find a way... ♪
FRANCES: Um...
Okay. Um. you know.
I think that. um...
We'll. we'll...
-We'll get there on the day.
-Yeah. (CHUCKLES)
Okay.
-Okay. Okay.
-All right.
(ALL LAUGH AWKWARDLY)
-Thank you.
-FRANCES: (LAUGHS) Okay.
(HORN BLARES)
Jesus fucking...
Are you fucking kidding me?
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
-This is a crosswalk!
-Emma. come on.
-People fucking cross here!
-MAN: Hey. dude.
-control your girlfriend.
-Emma.
-"Control your girlfriend"?
MAN: Get the fuck
out of the way!
I'm not getting out
of the fucking way.
-MAN: You crazy bitch.
-It's a crosswalk. dumbass.
-Jesus Christ.
-(METAL CLANGS)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER CONTINUES)
(EMMA MOANING)
(GROANS)
(GROANS) Fuck.
Oh. Sorry.
What the fuck are you doing?
-(CHARLIE PANTS)
-I won't do that again.
I just don't really
like being slapped.
(PEOPLE SCREAMING)
FLORIST: Hey.
thanks for waiting.
So. how's it all going?
Sorry. Did I interrupt anything?
Just... No. it's great. Yeah.
Okay. Cool. (LAUGHS)
Long night?
-Yeah.
Yeah. I know. Me too.
(CHUCKLES)
Um. should we check out...
(MUFFLED)
...what we were talking about?
EMMA: Yeah.
FLORIST: Cool. Okay.
These ones just came in.
You probably noticed them.
They're a little loud. but...
-(CONTINUES INDISTINCTLY)
-(INTRIGUING MUSIC PLAYING)
Did you actually
like the lilies?
'Cause I can call him back
if you didn't.
-Uh. no. it's fine. Yeah.
-Okay.
You okay?
How close did you get?
You probably wanna know why.
"Why'd she do it?
"What's wrong with her?"
(SIGHS)
(WHISPERING) What the fuck.
Hey. fucker.
-You wanna fucking die?
-(COMPUTER BEEPS)
Hi.
By the time you see this.
I'll most likely
already be gone.
And now you're wondering why.
-"Why did she..."
-(COMPUTER DINGS)
(WHISPERING) Fuck.
BOY: Oh. my God.
There's a shooting.
GIRL 1: What?
BOY: Yeah. at the mall.
People are. like. jumping
out of windows and shit.
GIRL 2: What? Right now?
GIRL 1: Oh. my God.
I was just there.
BOY: What the fuck
is going on?
CHARLIE: There was
another mass shooting?
Technically. it wasn't
a mass shooting. but yeah.
What do you mean?
Only three people died.
It has to be four or more.
Uh-huh. okay. Uh...
And that's the reason
you didn't do it?
'Cause someone else...
That's the reason
you didn't do it. 'cause...
somebody else
just got there first?
I just got the news
that Marcus didn't make it.
GIRL 1: What?
-He passed away earlier today...
-(SOBBING)
...at the hospital.
GIRL 2: Who the fuck
does something like that?
Like. what is wrong with you?
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Yeah. It's like...
how can someone even. like...
-Get the idea?
-Yeah.
...with being here
with each other
in a moment like this.
and really seeing each other.
really hearing each other.
feeling each other.
Some of us might be scared.
Some of us might be angry.
I bet some of us
are confused today. aren't we?
That's okay.
We ain't gonna run away
from those feelings today.
So here's what we're gonna do.
I wanna try
an exercise with y'all.
All right. everybody
get up on your feet real quick.
What I want you to do
is to start slowly
walking around.
Good.
Now. after a moment.
I want you to stop.
Okay. look at that person
that's right in front of you.
See if you can sense
what they're experiencing
right now.
TEACHER: Yeah. okay.
Any other thoughts?
I don't know. I just feel like
this is specifically
a male problem. right?
Like it's always
some angry. crazy guy.
-TEACHER: Emma?
-Hm?
You don't agree?
No. there's been a few.
A few what?
Mass shootings by women.
Well. not in America.
Yeah. I mean.
there's even that song.
-I Don't Like Mondays.
-What?
It's about a woman
who shot a bunch of people
from her window
because she hated Mondays.
It's not just men.
and they're not all crazy.
A lot of them
are shockingly normal.
GIRL 3: Normal?
I mean. like. what the hell
are you talking about?
PRINCIPAL:
Look them in the eyes.
-Acknowledge them. Be with them.
-(SOBBING)
Be aware of them.
It's okay if you're emotional.
Okay. let's keep doing it.
Keep walking. Keep going.
So. uh. I was gonna ask you
if you wanted to join me
and. you know.
try to do something.
About?
Gun violence.
Oh.
'Cause I'm just
trying to organize
a little something. you know?
Unless you. like.
love guns or something.
(CHUCKLES) Yeah. no.
It's kind of like
that Louis Malle movie.
What?
Do you know the one
about the guy who wants to join
the French Resistance.
but they reject him.
so he joins the Nazis instead?
But it's. like.
the other way around.
I haven't seen that one.
I don't know.
if anyone wants to volunteer?
What about Emma?
-Me?
-BOY 2: Yeah.
I mean. I feel like
you'd be a good speaker.
Why?
I don't know.
I mean. it just makes sense.
I mean. you sound legit.
and I just feel like
you have the best face for it.
Okay. Yeah. Emma it is.
(FRENCH JAZZ SONG PLAYING)
-(SQUEALS)
-(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
BOY: Okay.
Let's make the world
a better place. right?
(CHANTING) No more guns!
No more guns!
And you didn't
feel like a fraud?
No.
It felt like finally waking up
from a bad dream.
Just like that?
I mean. I guess.
Okay.
And you never
had those issues again?
Like what? What do you mean?
Like...
violent urges...
God. no. No.
CHARLIE: Okay.
But. like. when did...
Charlie. can we stop
talking about this?
Just... Until after the wedding?
Because... I just... I don't...
I don't wanna ruin everything.
And I don't want you
to look at me differently.
And I just... I love you.
I love you so much.
I love you too.
Rachel's not responding.
It's pretty late.
(SIGHS) Yeah. well. she's not
responding to my emails either.
Why are you emailing her?
'Cause I stupidly got Alice
to hire her for this work thing.
I'll just call Mike
in the morning.
They probably both hate me.
They don't hate you.
It's gonna be all right.
I promise.
How do you know that?
'Cause it's just Rachel.
She's just...
She's just overreacting.
like she always does.
You know...
What?
(CHARLIE SIGHS)
Freud said something like. uh.
the feelings that we don't
talk about get buried alive.
only to come out in uglier ways.
Is that what you
feel right now?
(MUFFLED BUZZING)
CHARLIE: No. I just think
it's important to talk.
EMMA: Yeah.
And we did.
(MUFFLED BUZZING CONTINUES)
CHARLIE: We did. yeah.
EMMA: And we're okay. right?
CHARLIE: (HOARSELY) Yeah.
-(BUZZING STOPS)
-(MACHINE BEEPING)
(CABINET DOOR OPENS)
(SIGHS SOFTLY)
(KEYBOARD CLACKS)
(INTRIGUING MUSIC PLAYING)
(BREATHES DEEPLY)
Morning.
Morning. How'd you sleep?
Not great.
What... What are you doing?
Just working on my speech.
(EMMA CHUCKLES)
-I'm just gonna have a shower.
-Okay.
-Hey.
-Hm?
Kiss.
(SHOE SQUEAKING. CRUNCHING)
EMMA: Hey. Charlie. did you...
(GASPS)
Jesus. you scared me.
I was making a smoothie.
Why are you looking
at me like that?
Like what?
Like you're scared of me.
It was just like a...
It was a reflex.
Do you think I came in here
to stab you?
No. What? Of course not. I...
What was the question?
(GASPS)
(CHUCKLES AWKWARDLY)
Very funny.
(SHOES SQUEAKING SOFTLY)
Didn't you say you had
a friend that died?
What?
CHARLIE: Like.
when you were younger.
In a car accident or something?
Uh. yeah. My neighbor.
CHARLIE: Were you guys close?
No. not really. She was
a couple of years older than me.
CHARLIE: And how old was she
when it happened?
She was. like. 12.
CHARLIE: No shit. Wow.
That must have been
a really crazy thing to witness.
like. at that age.
I didn't actually witness it.
No. but still. You never
had therapy or anything?
I was 10.
Yeah. but. like. 10
is a very vulnerable age...
-EMMA: Okay. Charlie. please.
-What?
I just... I know
what you're trying to say.
and I don't think it's relevant.
How do you know
if it's relevant or not
if you haven't analyzed it?
(GLASS RESTS ON TABLE)
-Sure.
-Right?
EMMA: So. three o'clock. then?
-What?
-EMMA: For City Hall.
for the marriage license.
Oh. yeah. Um. yes.
-(BARKS)
-Oh. fuck. Sorry.
(LAUGHS) Sorry. Sorry.
-Jesus.
-ALICE: Um...
Hey.
Uh. have you talked to Rachel?
No. I have not.
Oh. um. would you mind
just nudging her?
I just haven't heard from her.
-(KNOCKING)
-CHARLIE: Misha. what is this?
Did you put this on my desk?
MISHA: No.
Do you know who did?
It didn't just come in the mail?
Are you okay?
Yeah. Sorry. what did you want?
Just an update. She's just.
like. not responding.
I think... I think she's just.
like. really busy.
ALICE: Doesn't need
to be right now.
Yeah.
But she's. like. always busy.
Like. juggling a million things.
(CHUCKLES)
What does that mean?
She's not gonna do it?
I mean... probably not.
(CHUCKLES)
But this was your idea.
Yeah. but she kind of talked me
into it. you know?
She's in marketing.
She's just very good at that.
(CHUCKLES) Yeah.
Okay. So. what should we do?
I mean. honestly. I think
we just. like. move on
with someone else. 'cause...
She's great.
Like. don't get me wrong.
It's just. she sucks
at time management.
Okay.
-Sorry.
-ALICE: She's your friend.
(BOTH KISSING)
(BOTH BREATHING HEAVILY)
Is... Is everything okay?
Yeah. I'm just...
What?
-Nothing.
-Okay.
Do you... Do you need
some help? Or...
No. just. like...
Okay.
(HAND RUBBING)
Hm...
(PANTING)
EMMA: Um. Charlie. we don't have
to do this if you don't want to.
No. I do. I do. I do. Just...
Just give me a second.
EMMA: Okay.
Okay. I feel like... You have
to stop thinking about it.
(CHUCKLING) Hey. come on.
You can't just say.
"Stop thinking about it."
So. you are thinking about it?
I'm not
thinking about it.
For fuck's sakes.
I am thinking about it now.
(SIGHS)
Let's just start over.
(INSIDE OUT
BY JESSE RAE PLAYING)
(SIGHS)
♪ When you're sitting
on your own ♪
♪ And you feel the city life
surround you ♪
♪ And she's always on the phone
and... ♪
Is that seat taken?
Go ahead. (CHUCKLES)
Do you live around here?
What?
It's just
that you look familiar.
Um. yeah. I'm...
Yeah. I live near here.
Oh. cool.
I'm Emma. by the way.
What's your name?
-I don't think this is gonna...
-I'm sorry. what's your name?
-Charlie.
-EMMA: Charlie.
What's a...
sexy guy like you
doing out all alone?
Emma. look...
Do you have an accent?
What's that? Australian?
This isn't gonna work.
What's not gonna work?
CHARLIE: Look.
let's just not do this.
-Do what?
-Just stop. Stop.
This is stupid.
Like. I'm not
overthinking anything.
It's just been
a stressful week. I...
I don't even care
about it anymore.
-You don't?
-No.
Well. then. why'd you
throw out the mug?
-What mug?
-Your mug
with the fucking gun on it.
-I didn't.
-Yes. you did.
I don't know. Maybe it was
fucking broken or something.
Oh. my God.
Why are you lying about it?
Okay. I'm sorry.
I didn't realize the mug meant
so much to you.
I'm sorry I threw it away.
It's obviously not about
the fucking mug. Charlie.
-(THUDS)
-Ow! Fuck.
-Fuck. Sorry.
-Charlie. the fuck was that?
I'm so sorry.
I was just trying to do
-your stupid joke thing.
-Just stop.
-Are you all right?
-Yes. I'm fine. I'm just...
Fuck. It's Rachel.
Hey.
(CLEARS THROAT)
Well. Rachel.
you're the maid of honor.
and if you call in the middle
of the night
and say you're not coming
to the wedding. I mean.
that's not an aggressive move
to you?
It was barely past 10:00.
Still. (SIGHS) She's devastated.
Well. did she tell you
that she had Alice
fire me off that project
she. like. begged me
to help her with?
No. no. Why would she do that?
Because she's crazy.
Stop... stop saying that.
Well. how can you
even trust her?
I mean. 'cause unlike you.
she didn't actually
do anything. so...
Me? What are you talking about?
Yes. You locked a mentally
disabled child in a closet.
-Okay. let's not...
-I never said
-he was mentally disabled.
-Yes. you did.
You said he was slow.
Please let's not fight. guys.
You're being
incredibly hypocritical.
It was an impulse. Charlie.
I didn't plan
a cold-blooded murder.
(CHARLIE SIGHS)
Well. she didn't. like... She...
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
She didn't. like. come up
with it on her own.
RACHEL: What do you mean?
'Cause it's like a whole thing
in this country. isn't it?
I mean. think about it.
If there's a shooting
practically every single day.
then imagine how many people
must have thought about it.
Or. like. planned one.
Or even got close to it.
but backed out
or changed their minds
for whatever reason.
I'm sure there's thousands
of people like that.
We just wouldn't know 'cause
they would never tell anyone.
They're just out there.
living normal lives.
Really could be anyone.
Oh. Here we go.
So it's America's fault now?
I don't know. I think it's...
I do think
it's a cultural thing.
Oh. please. Look at Mike.
he grew up around guns.
and he's terrified of them.
I didn't grow up around guns.
I thought you said you had
an uncle
that owned. like.
a bunch of guns.
Yeah. because he was a cop.
I'm not terrified of them.
Why would you even say that?
RACHEL: What.
so you like guns now?
Look. Can I just
be completely honest?
I was shocked. of course.
Just as much as you guys.
Like. I...
But...
then we talked. and...
and. uh. she shared some stuff
from her past that...
I don't know. It just really
put it into perspective for me.
Like what?
Shout out to Sally.
you're gonna fucking die first.
It's just...
Uh...
Her friend died
when she was young.
Who?
Her neighbor.
who she was extremely close to.
And she died in a car crash.
Um. and. basically. Emma had
to witness
her best friend getting...
WOMAN 1: Oh. my God!
WOMAN 2: No! Call 911 somebody!
MAN: Somebody help!
Get her out of there!
I mean. that's kind of
a big deal.
Well. I'm sorry she had
to go through that. obviously.
No. and it really fucked her up
and no one ever offered her
any therapy
or counseling or anything.
and she just had
to carry that for years.
And it's kind of interesting.
in a way.
What's interesting?
Just that...
It's so unexpected. And...
I don't know. I think
it kind of makes her
a little more interesting
to me. I guess.
-RACHEL: Interesting?
-Yeah.
Really?
-I think what he's trying...
-I wasn't talking to you.
Just that it's so not who
she is now.
It's not interesting. Charlie.
-it's awful.
-Hey. sorry. sorry.
Rachel. um. they're asking
if you can come approve
that Oatly deck?
Well. just tell them it's fine.
Um. no. But they said they need
to hear it from you directly.
RACHEL: (SIGHS) Yeah. of course.
I'm sorry. I'll be right there.
-(VEHICLES PASSING)
-(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING)
RACHEL: We're gonna
have to wrap this up.
I have a lunch.
I'm meeting Sam.
You're meeting her now?
Yes. I had to make sure that
she's okay with all of this.
That she's okay with you coming
to our wedding?
Yeah. Obviously.
I don't wanna betray her.
Sam?
-Sorry.
-SAM: Yeah?
Rachel's cousin?
Yeah.
I'm friends
with Rachel and Mike.
Oh. cool.
And I'm... That's a great
jacket. by the way.
Thank you. It's just Uniqlo.
So. you guys are.
uh. really close?
I mean. she's family.
-CHARLIE: Yeah.
-So...
I mean. what does
that mean exactly?
That she's family.
Yeah. Well. I mean. it's just...
She hadn't really
mentioned you before.
so I was just. you know.
just wondering.
Did she tell you
I was coming or...
Yeah. I was just with her
and. um... I don't know.
She's just...
There's some drama.
And you know how Rachel is.
Okay. What was your name?
Uh. Charlie.
Right. Great
to meet you. Charlie.
-Just... Hey.
-Uh...
I just... Um... I...
I just think...
Um...
I think you would love Emma.
Okay. Um... You know.
I'm actually kind of late. so...
"Emma. true love
is sacrificing yourself.
"humiliating yourself.
True love is egoless.
"It's being ready
to do anything.
"True love is complicated.
True love is acceptance.
"True love
is radical acceptance.
"Emma. I know
worse people than you."
Jesus. not that.
What the fuck am I... (SNIFFLES)
(SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING)
Misha.
Mm-hm?
What's. like. the worst thing
you've ever done?
What's the worst thing
I've ever done?
CHARLIE: Mm...
Really?
-(CHUCKLES)
-Mm...
Cheated.
Yeah? Like. recently or...
MISHA: No.
like. a few years ago.
What made it so bad? Were you
in a serious relationship or...
You don't think cheating
is bad enough?
No. it's. like. bad.
But. like. what happened?
Um. well. I was dating this guy.
who was very nice.
Like. genuinely kind.
And we lived together
for. like. two years.
And I just could
not bring myself
to have sex with him anymore.
'Cause he was too nice?
Maybe. yeah.
And then I started sleeping with
his older married friend.
um. who treated me
like shit. so...
And did you like that he treated
you like shit?
Not necessarily. but...
we had better sex. yeah.
And then...
then everybody
found out about it.
and it was a whole fucking mess.
Oh...
Well. what's the worst thing
you've ever done?
I don't know. I just...
I wouldn't even know
how to pick.
Because there's just too many?
Yeah.
(LAUGHS)
All right.
And what would you do
if you found out
that your boyfriend. um...
had. like. planned
a school shooting? (CHUCKLES)
Oh. Uh...
Like... Like. if Blake did that?
Yeah. But he didn't
actually do it.
He... He almost did it.
Like. he had a weapon
and everything.
but he didn't.
This is. like. in high school.
Uh well. I mean.
that would scare me obviously.
Yeah. but. like. would it change
how you felt about him?
Well. why didn't he do it?
I don't know.
Like. he...
His... (SIGHS)
His. uh. car broke down
and he just decided not to.
Okay. But otherwise. he would
have just gone through with it.
that's what you're saying?
I don't know. The point is.
he didn't. so... (SIGHS)
All right. he didn't do it.
I don't know. I guess I'd...
call the police.
(CHUCKLES)
MISHA: (CHUCKLES) What?
Okay. So. you'd call
the police. yeah?
I think so. yeah. Right?
He's obviously not the same
person now. though.
I mean. but the fact
that he ever was. is...
Yeah. But you love him. yeah?
Yeah. I love the person
that I thought he was.
All right. what? So.
you're gonna call the police.
and what? And have him arrested?
Like. for what?
I don't know. Isn't that
what you're supposed to do
if you think
that someone's a threat?
-He was 15.
-Yeah. but come on.
That's a huge red flag.
Even after you've dated him
for two years?
Three.
-Three years.
-Yeah. but come on.
you've seen Blake.
I mean. he would murder me in.
like. two seconds.
Okay. Even if he was completely
open and honest with you?
And he told you
he regretted everything?
Mm-hm...
CHARLIE: And that he made you
believe. beyond a doubt.
that he's changed?
I mean. isn't that exactly
what a psychopath would do?
-(CLATTERS)
-(MISHA GASPS)
(ORCHESTRAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(MUSIC PLAYBACK STUTTERS
AND STOPS)
WOMAN: At the bridal table...
(TECHNO MUSIC PLAYING)
(MUSIC BECOMES MUFFLED)
-Hey.
-Where were you? I texted you.
-I was doing a work thing.
-Okay.
-She seems fine.
-Yeah.
Do you want me
to talk to her or...
No. no. no. Let's just...
Let's do it together.
Okay.
What the fuck was that?
(SIGHS)
It's nothing. It's just...
MISHA: You okay?
Yeah. I'm just. like. stressed
about the wedding and stuff.
Like... I'm sorry.
(SOBBING)
CHARLIE: So. it's all good?
Yeah. It's all set up.
I just need to replace
some cables.
Um...
What was that track
you were playing in there?
Oh. it's one of mine actually.
CHARLIE: Really?
PAULINE: Yeah. from forever ago.
No way.
That's... That's so cool.
Do you...
Do you still make music?
PAULINE: No. not really.
Oh. why... Why not?
Um. just life had
different plans. I guess.
(SOBS)
-Are you okay?
-Yeah. I'm sorry.
-What's going on?
-It's just... She's just. um...
You're really...
You're talented.
She's talented.
Anyway. Yeah.
there was just. um. something
we wanted to talk to you about.
Okay.
Uh. so. we saw you the other day
on the street.
(SOBBING LOUDLY)
Hey. it's gonna be fine.
CHARLIE: I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
-Take a deep breath.
-(CONTINUES SOBBING)
CHARLIE: I'm sorry.
MISHA: It's okay. It's okay.
It's okay. It's okay.
Whoa...
Heroin. You were smoking heroin.
No.
I don't do that.
Uh. you can be honest.
we're not gonna tell anyone.
PAULINE: Yeah. but I didn't
fucking do it.
(KISSING AND BREATHING HEAVILY)
Jesus fucking Christ.
Um...
I don't know why I did that.
-I'm sorry.
-It's okay.
Um...
Can you just not tell anyone
about this?
EMMA: Admit it.
and we can move on.
-You're not in trouble.
-I think
-we've made our point here.
-EMMA: No. No.
We saw you. You were
on Arlington. by the park.
Right?
-Oh. maybe...
-EMMA: What?
I mean. it was. like. dark.
EMMA: Why are you
questioning it now?
-It's like...
-PAULINE: Can I be honest?
Yes. please. That's literally
all we want from you.
You're being a fucking cunt.
EMMA: Excuse me?
PAULINE: Yeah.
Wow. Okay. you're fired.
Please take your things
and fucking leave.
-Are you serious?
-Yes. I'm very serious.
-Please.
-I'm all set up.
Take your shit.
PAULINE: That was a fucking
waste of my time.
-EMMA: Thank you.
-You're a bitch.
And you're a fucking pussy.
Can't believe you just ripped
my shirt off. (CHUCKLES)
(UNNERVING MUSIC PLAYING)
(PEOPLE APPLAUDING AND CHEERING)
All right. let's bring in
Mom and Dad.
Yes.
-Everyone. scooch in. Get close.
-(CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKING)
Just breathe. smile.
It's a beautiful day.
Charlie. stay with me here.
Yes. beautiful. Happiness.
Just relax.
And real. natural smiles.
Back to me. Charlie and Emma.
with those big.
beautiful smiles. Nice.
(GLASS CLINKING)
Hello. Hi.
Um. just wanted to welcome
everyone. and thank you all
for being here
on this special day.
And I think we should start off
with a toast
to the bride and groom.
To Emma and Charlie.
-ALL: To Emma and Charlie.
-(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
Jesus.
(APPLAUSE)
Um...
-CHARLIE: Be right back.
-Okay.
MIKE: Hey.
-Hey. You the groom?
-No. I'm Mike. He's the...
Hey. Charlie. Hey. (SIGHS)
Fuck her. man.
-The other DJ.
-Oh...
IVAN: It's unbelievable.
What's the most important part
of being a DJ?
What do you think?
(CHARLIE SIGHS)
'Cause it's not the music.
-Showing up.
-(CHARLIE CHUCKLES)
Can't DJ
if you don't show up. right?
Did she have COVID?
Did she mention anything?
I... She didn't
actually mention.
IVAN: 'Cause.
you know. that's legit.
Death in the family.
that's also legit.
Hey. Congrats. man.
I'm Blake. Misha's boyfriend.
Yes. Yes. of course.
-Yes. Thanks for coming.
-BLAKE: Yeah.
well. I tried to say
hi earlier. but...
Just a busy day.
Yeah? Well. enjoy. man.
-Cool. Yeah. thank you.
-Yeah.
You know. I don't know
if she already told you.
but I've actually worked
with one of your servers before.
-Oh. really?
-Isn't that so funny?
I actually think
that's a really good omen.
So. where do I set up?
-Mike. can you do the thing?
-MIKE: Yeah.
CHARLIE: Yeah. cool.
You a gearhead?
-DJ gear?
-IVAN: Yeah. I ask
because I brought with me today
an EV Esense 8 with a Senny kit.
and I have a Bluetti down
below for power.
It's funny.
If you know about gear.
-it's a rather unusual setup.
-Yeah. Okay.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Yeah.
(SPOON TAPPING GLASS)
Everybody. uh. it is now time
to hear a few words
from the father of the bride.
Oh. boy. Thank you.
Uh...
Emma. my girl. You look
absolutely stunning today.
Time has flown by
way too fast. hasn't it?
Feels like you moved out
three days ago.
and here you are
getting married.
-(LAUGHTER)
-ROGER: You have always been
a creative and passionate girl.
And I don't know
if you remember this.
but when you were young.
you had all these characters
you would come up with.
And you used to have
these little shows
for your mom and me.
using the living room
as a stage.
I think my favorite
was the blind farmer.
She would stumble around.
bumping into
all this furniture. yelling.
-"Has anyone seen a brown cow?"
-(LAUGHTER)
ROGER: But in middle school.
you had a brief affair
with theater.
and you were really into drama.
But no more blind farmers.
It had to be serious.
Preferably life or death.
But as a teenager.
you became an activist.
And you developed a strong
passion for gun control.
which you got so serious about.
I had to pick you up
from the police one time
for egging Walmart employees
-for selling weapons.
-(RACHEL LAUGHS LOUDLY)
ROGER: Uh...
Hm...
It was obvious it came
from your big heart.
but I have to admit.
I think part of it was about you
rebelling against your dad. too.
You know. the dad who works
in the military
and happens to own a rifle.
The same rifle
which mysteriously disappeared
right around that time.
-You remember that?
-(ALL LAUGH)
Wasn't that a wild coincidence?
-(LOUD BANG)
-(ALL GASP)
-IVAN: Sorry. Sorry.
-(ELECTRICAL CRACKLING)
Sorry. everyone.
Uh. these are not the cables
I asked for.
Yeah...
ROGER: That was not planned.
by the way.
(CROWD LAUGHS)
All right. Um...
You know. I kinda lost my train
of thought. so...
(GUESTS LAUGH)
Emma. Charlie. may your love
grow deeper every day.
-Cheers.
-GUESTS: Cheers.
(GUESTS APPLAUDING)
So you always just. like.
kept weapons around the house?
What?
No. I was...
No. it was a great speech.
-It was beautiful.
-Okay.
Right here.
Really good.
-(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
-(PLAYFUL INSTRUMENTAL PLAYING)
MIKE: Maybe
get some water and...
RACHEL: No. my turn.
I wanna do my speech.
MIKE: No. I know.
I'm just saying.
I wanna do it.
MIKE: Lower your voice.
all right?
We're at a wedding. okay?
Just get it together.
Goddamn it. Fuck.
Hi. everybody. again.
Uh. yeah.
So. now it is time for...
to hear some words
from the maid of honor.
-Rachel.
-(APPLAUSE)
RACHEL: Hello. It's so nice
to see everyone here today.
So. I met Charlie
through my husband. Mike.
and a few years later.
we all got to know Emma.
So when Emma asked me
to be her maid of honor.
I was a bit surprised.
I remember thinking.
"Don't you have real friends?"
-(LAUGHTER)
-RACHEL: Kidding! (LAUGHS)
Kidding.
But seriously.
getting to know Emma.
I have come to see how layered
and complex she is.
Full of surprises.
like you wouldn't believe.
Charlie. too!
Which is why I think
they will find happiness
in this marriage.
Because. Emma.
you have found a very
open-minded partner in Charlie.
A real cheerleader. am I right?
(SCATTERED APPLAUSE)
Oh! Mike's giving me that look.
We're on a tight schedule.
I see.
-(MIKE CHUCKLES)
-RACHEL: But. yeah.
Um. I think you guys
are great for each other.
I wish you all the best.
To the happy. carefree couple.
(GUESTS APPLAUDING)
(GUESTS CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY)
(MOUTHING)
(TENSE. UNSETTLING
MUSIC PLAYING)
(EXHALES)
MISHA: (MUFFLED) ...hypothetical
questions
about a school shooter.
He was. like.
asking for a friend.
you know what I mean?
Like. she maybe thought about
doing a school shooting.
EMMA: (WHISPERING) Oh. no.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(MISHA CHUCKLES)
I know. like...
-Hi!
-Oh. Hi. Emma.
-EMMA: Sorry. did I scare you?
-The bride. You look beautiful.
-(LAUGHS)
-Thank you.
-Um...
-MISHA: Um...
Were you just talking
to someone?
-Just now?
-EMMA: Yeah.
-Um. yeah. Yeah.
-Who?
Um...
-Susan.
-Susan?
-Hm...
-Oh.
Hm...
What were you talking about?
-Uh. nothing.
-EMMA: Nothing?
-Nothing. Hm...
-Oh...
Just thought I. like.
overheard something.
(CHUCKLES) Well.
do you mind if I just...
-Oh. sorry. Yeah.
-MISHA: Can I just...
-(CHUCKLES)
-MISHA: Thank you.
(MUSIC INTENSIFIES.
GROWS OMINOUS)
Ah!
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Can I talk with you
for a second?
Sorry. Sorry. (CHUCKLES)
(SIGHS) Fuck.
Can you close the door. please?
What's going on?
Rachel was fucking talking.
What makes you think that?
Because I overheard Misha
and she said something.
What... What did she say?
I don't know.
but she definitely said.
"School shooting."
and. "Don't tell anyone."
And what.
you think Rachel told her?
I don't know. Charlie.
I don't fucking know.
If she knows. if Misha knows.
then who the hell else
fucking knows?
What. my parents?
Oh. my God. your parents.
Oh. my God. this cannot...
this cannot be
fucking happening.
What?
It doesn't fucking matter.
It doesn't matter.
It's gonna be okay. Okay?
-It's gonna be fine.
-Okay. Okay.
You promise
you didn't say anything?
Yeah. Like. she was probably
talking about the...
Like. there was
another one. like. a week ago.
She was probably
talking about that.
Okay. Well. will you go get her?
-Get who?
-Misha. so I can talk to her.
Uh...
I don't know. I just don't think
we should make a big deal
about it.
No. No. I need to figure out
who told her. Please.
-Okay. I'll go get her.
-Ah...
Emma. Emma. Fuck me. Jesus.
(SIGHS)
(PANTING)
Can I just say. um...
he kissed me.
and we stopped immediately.
and it truly meant nothing.
Wait. what? What are...
What is she talking...
What are you talking about?
I don't know. like.
he wasn't himself.
He was sort of disturbed.
and he was crying.
and I was just...
Why was he crying?
I don't know. He asked me
what I would do if I...
I just hit a wall.
I was very emotional.
Shut the fuck up.
What were you saying?
He asked me what I would do
if Blake did a school shooting.
CHARLIE: I said. "planned."
MISHA: Okay. yeah.
-He said. "planned."
-Yeah.
MISHA: And then he got really
upset. and he started crying.
and I was just trying
to make him feel better.
and he very clearly misread
the signals.
I... It didn't mean any...
It was just an accident.
It was an accident. I didn't...
Fuck.
(SIGHS) Okay.
CHARLIE: I tell you.
it was nothing.
(EXHALES)
I'm confused.
Is the shooting thing real?
(SIGHS)
I'm fine.
You all right. dear?
Yeah.
(GLASS CLINKING)
Dear guests.
it is now time
to hear a few words
from the bride to the groom.
(APPLAUSE)
No?
Uh. sorry. Actually. the groom
is going to speak first.
Pardon me.
(GUESTS APPLAUDING AND CHEERING)
Okay.
Um...
Emma. I. uh...
Um. I had a speech. but. um...
I've forgotten everything.
Like...
What I was gonna say was. um...
when I first met Emma. it was
kind of like out of a movie.
you know. like. uh...
The meet-cute
at the coffee shop. and...
Um...
she was reading this book.
What was it called again?
It doesn't matter. But. um...
Yeah. I hadn't read the book.
but I pretended to
-so I could talk to her. and...
-(LAUGHTER)
She couldn't hear anything
'cause of...
'cause of the ear. and. um...
I thought it was really sexy.
(CHUCKLES)
And. um. sweet in this weird
kind of way.
And then she had this laugh.
which is really specific.
and I wanted to say something
about how it's. um. repulsive.
but in a funny way.
like. it's very...
It's very cute.
and it's the best laugh.
and. um...
Uh...
I fell in love with her
just on the spot right then.
and it's been growing
ever since.
And you're my best friend.
and we have. like.
amazing. amazing sex.
-And. like. I mean...
-(GUESTS GASP)
-(GUESTS MURMURING)
-WOMAN: Whoa.
Excuse me.
Sorry. I'm fucking this all up.
I didn't... Just forget it.
Forget about the fucking speech.
(STUTTERING) I don't wanna
embarrass you. Emma.
I can't... I don't deserve you.
And I can't believe
the level of stupidity
-that I've subjected you to.
-(GUESTS CONTINUE MURMURING)
Oh...
Can you just please. like...
(VOICE BREAKING)
Can you just stop gossiping.
all right?
It's just our wedding.
She didn't do anything. okay?
She didn't do anything.
(HESITATES)
Emma. you're the love
of my life.
I can't understand
why I would have done
anything to hurt you. especially
not with fucking Misha.
Jesus fucking Christ. like...
-What the fuck does that mean?
-Nothing.
-Did you fuck him?
-No. I didn't fuck him.
-I don't even care.
-No. he tried to fuck me.
I wouldn't even care.
Even if you had killed someone.
It wouldn't change anything
about the way I feel about you.
MISHA: Yeah. I said stop.
I love you more than anything
in the world. and...
MISHA: Like.
please. fucking stop.
BLAKE: I never fucking
knew about this...
-MISHA: I know. I just...
-Jesus Christ.
can you shut the fuck up?
-(CHAIR THUDS LOUDLY)
-Blake! Calm down. calm down.
MIKE: Whoa. Hey. Hey. hey.
MISHA: Hey.
Emma?
(RAIN PATTERING)
(DISTANT SIREN WAILS)
-(SHOE SQUEAKING)
-(GRUNTING SOFTLY)
(CELLPHONE VIBRATES)
Hello? (SIGHS)
No. she's not.
She's not here either.
I think she's with her parents.
Her dad texted me. but...
No. no one's answering
their phones. so...
(SCOFFS)
(EXHALES)
(SIGHS)
(WATER RUNNING)
-Ugh! Fuck.
-(VOICEMAIL BEEPS)
Hey. Emma. I know
you don't want to talk to me.
but. um. can you just
let me know if you're okay?
I mean... Yeah. just text me.
I love you.
BLAKE: Did you
sexually harass Misha?
-What?
-Yes or no.
(HESITATING)
Um. I didn't harass her.
-(GRUNTS)
-(ALL EXCLAIM)
(SOFTLY) Jesus!
Goddamn it. Blake!
-Can you use your fucking words?
-(SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY)
Jesus!
MAN: Have another drink!
WOMAN: I fucking will!
-(PANTING)
-(RAIN FALLING)
(SOBS)
-Stop screaming!
-Fuck you!
-(GUESTS CLAMORING)
-MIKE: Easy!
-I'll fucking kill you!
-Shut up! Shut up...
Where is she?
Fuck you!
-Where's Emma?
-Uh. she's... She's...
(INSIDE OUT BY JESSE RAE
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS)
♪ When you're sitting
on your own ♪
♪ And you feel the city life
surround you ♪
♪ And he's always
on the phone ♪
♪ And you just don't think
that you can fight it ♪
♪ Don't give up ♪
♪ Don't give up.
don't give up ♪
♪ Don't give up. darling
What we dream ♪
♪ 'Cause like the words here
in this song ♪
♪ We'll go on and on and on
with our love ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
-(WHOOPS)
-♪ I wanna be
♪ Inside out. oh. darling ♪
♪ I've got to be so deep that
you'll be needing me ♪
♪ Inside out ♪
♪ Over and over
and over again ♪
♪ As you're lying in his bed ♪
♪ And you're in his arms
instead of my love ♪
♪ As you feel
his tightening grip ♪
♪ Like a genie. I will slip
from your heart ♪
♪ Don't give up. don't give up
Don't give up. don't give up ♪
-♪ Don't give up
-♪ Don't give up. darling
♪ What you dream ♪
♪ 'Cause like the notes here
in this song ♪
♪ We'll go on and on and on ♪
-♪ With our love
-(RETCHES)
-(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
-(LAUGHTER)
WOMAN: No. not for me.
(CLASSIC POP SONG
PLAYING FAINTLY OVER SPEAKERS)
WOMAN: You okay. hon?
CHARLIE: Yeah.
What can I get for you?
Cheeseburger
and a Diet Coke. please.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER AND LAUGHTER
CONTINUES)
(ENGINE RUMBLING)
(MUFFLED BUZZING)
Hey.
(CLASSIC POP SONG CONTINUES
PLAYING FAINTLY OVER SPEAKERS)
EMMA: Hi.
Hey.
EMMA: Can I sit?
Yeah. of course.
(SOBBING SOFTLY)
I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry. Emma.
Do you live around here?
What? (STOPS SOBBING)
(CHOKED UP)
I come here sometimes. too.
and I feel like
I've seen you here before.
(TENDER BALLAD PLAYING)
I'm Emma. by the way.
What's your name?
I'm Charlie.
I live. like.
two blocks from here.
Um. what happened to your face?
I just got into this fight.
Um...
There was a woman being robbed.
and I tried to save her
just now.
Yeah. this guy stole her baby
from her stroller. actually.
and. uh...
(SIGHS)
...he said he was gonna eat it.
-Oh.
-So I had to stop him.
She was walking her baby
in the middle of the night?
Yeah. I kind of thought that was
a bit strange. as well.
(CHUCKLES)
That was very brave of you.
Thanks.
(EXHALES SOFTLY)
It's nice to meet you. Charlie.
(EXHALES)
Uh. it's nice to meet you. Emma.
(BALLAD ENDS)
(UPBEAT CLASSIC POP SONG
PLAYING)
♪ Do your thing!
♪ Be fancy-free to call
the tune you sing ♪
♪ Don't give up! ♪
♪ That's not the way
to win a loving-cup ♪
♪ Do your best ♪
♪ And Opportunity
will do the rest ♪
♪ Don't give in! ♪
♪ Capitulation
is the greatest sin ♪
♪ Do what's right ♪
♪ What's right for you.
to do with all your might ♪
♪ Don't regret! ♪
♪ What might have been.
you might as well forget ♪
♪ Stand your ground ♪
♪ And while you're
standing there. be duty-bound ♪
♪ Make your mark! ♪
♪ If need be.
even make it in the dark ♪
♪ Mum's the word! ♪
♪ My sage advice.
pretend you haven't heard ♪
(SONG ENDS)
(MUFFLED BUZZING)